The ASCII art will be of a guy providing the story and then it starts the challenge. Like Solid Snake 

Box 1:
Mission 1: The Breadcrumbs (Navigation & Viewing)
Concept: Basic navigation, hidden files, and reading content.
The Scenario: You have just SSH'd into the server. The attacker left a note, but they tried to hide it. It’s not in the main folder.
The User's Task:
    1. List the current directory contents, including hidden files (files starting with a dot).
    2. Identify a directory named .secret_stash.Enter that directory.
    3. Read the contents of a file named manifesto.txt.
The Solution Path: ls -la --> cd .secret_stash --> cat manifesto.txt

Box 2:
Mission 2: Needle in a Haystack (Searching & File Management)
Concept: “Identifying the Password” (File Search & Permissions)
The Scenario: There is a vault folder that contains a bunch of files that the attacker had left behind. The file we are looking for is rcc_users.txt (has a list of users and passwords) and we are looking for the password of one of the users (this will be the next user, maybe use people from the whatsapp). Once they find the proper file, they will move this file into a directory called "evidence". Have a crontab that checks for this folder and echos the flag once the folder with the right file exist. 
The User's Task:
    1. Use the find command to find a file called "rcc_users" or users
    2. Use Grep to identify the users password (we will have a bunch of files with the password of this user but only one file will have a list of all the users)
    3. Create a directory called "evidence" and move the file into there. The file though will have a +i attribute set so it can't move unless the user changes those permissions.  
    4. Wait for the crontab to present the flag
The Solution Path: find "users" or grep "password" --> mkdir evidence --> mv file evidence/ 




Box 3:
Mission 3: The Locked Pipeline 
Concept: File Permissions, Executing Binaries, and Decoding
The Scenario: There is a file in this folder that supposedly decrypts a remote file that we don't have access to. We need to know what it says. Run the file/script and tell us what the output is. We need to know what it means in plain english. 
The User's Task:
    1. Attempt to run the script, they will see the script is no executable. Make it executable.
    2. When they run it, the script will say that the file is not owned by a specific user (Joshua Silva) and cannot run. The user will need to use chown to change the ownership of the file while still being able to run it. 
    3. When they run the script, it will read a file in the /opt directory and that is a LARGE Base64 string. They will be unable to decode this and will need to pipe the output into the decode command to read the flag.  
